source from : https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/CORS:

Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) is an HTTP-header based mechanism that allows a server to indicate any origins (domain, scheme, or port) other than its own from which a browser should permit loading resources. CORS also relies on a mechanism by which browsers make a "preflight" request to the server hosting the cross-origin resource, in order to check that the server will permit the actual request. In that preflight, the browser sends headers that indicate the HTTP method and headers that will be used in the actual request.

An example of a cross-origin request: the front-end JavaScript code served from https://domain-a.com uses fetch() to make a request for https://domain-b.com/data.json.

For security reasons, browsers restrict cross-origin HTTP requests initiated from scripts. For example, fetch() and XMLHttpRequest follow the same-origin policy.This means that a web application using those APIs can only request resources from the same origin the application was loaded from unless the response from other origins includes the right CORS headers.

source from: django_for_api_book : 

CORS
Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS)59 refers to the fact that whenever a client interacts with an API hosted on a different domain (mysite.com vs yoursite.com) or port (localhost:3000 vs localhost:8000) there are potential security issues. Specifically, CORS requires the web server to include specific HTTP headers that allow for the client to determine if and when cross-domain requests should be allowed. Because we are using a SPA architecture the front-end will be on a different local port during development and a completely different domain once deployed! The easiest way to handle this issue–-and the one recommended by Django REST Framework is to use middleware that will automatically include the appropriate HTTP headers based on our settings. The third-party package django-cors-headers is the default choice within the Django community and can easily added to our  existing project.
